# Code With Chakri Beauty PArlor Mannager
Beauty parlor management system is a web-based salon management application with appointment scheduling functionality. In this system user can review salons and stylist online and can make appointment online. In this system beauty parlor owner can make their account online and give details of the services they offer and also describe the stylist information. User can review the salons and their services using this system and can make appointment with favorite stylist online. User can also cancel appointments online. User can also write and reviews about the salon or stylist. This system helps both the customer and the salon. Customer can easily find best salon in their locality and can check the review of other customer of that salon online. It helps him to take decision of taking the services of a particular salon.

# What we achieve from this application?
Beauty parlor management system is developed to automate all the salon activity. Using this system user can manage their salon and also use this system to book appointment of his customer online.  User can also check the top rated salons in his locality using this system online. User can get the address of the top rated salon in his locality by clicking on the name of the salon.  Then it displays the salons that have the highest average ratings by category. Users can click on the salon’s name in order to get the address and phone number of the salon. Customer can login into the system by giving valid username and password.  After login he can check his upcoming appointments. salon admin can also how many appointment they have to complete on particular date. User can also search any salon by entering its name in the search box.
